## 01292021
# Morning (12:20pm)
* It's a beautiful day. The sky is blue as always on a chilly day in Florida. I got into this idea of journaling all of a sudden because of a random article posted by a guy who apparent is one of those computer science genius. I'm not sure how long this can last. But based on what I've achieved so far for core exercises and daily Leetcode practices, I'm relatively condfident that I will be able to keep writing for a while. 

This morning, I turned off the alarm at the time I wanted (5:30am ish), but again failed to really get out of the bed. Eventually I woke up around 8:40am, which is a bit annoying since I planned to go jogging after getting some work done. But I guess looking on the bright side, I got more sleep and that's probably why I'm not playing go and mobile phone games that much this morning. I suppose more sleep leads to better concentration on my work.

I've got a bit of good news this morning, which is that Yi-Ming got accepted to the Law School at both UPenn and Cornell. This is very impressive. To be honest, I thought the probability is low. However, the chance turned out to be higher than I had expected. I'm glad for him but this also makes me feel anxious about my career, which is kind of going nowhere at the moment. I keep telling myself that this is just normal for a PhD student. I suppose I just have to hang in there and stay motivated. 
# Night (00:10am)
* It was not a productive night. I'm kind of disappointed in myself because I couldn't really focus on the task I should be working on, and I spent too much time on the coding practice. The good thing is I found a third-party DTW library that is much faster than the official one. Hopefully I can get more work done tomorrow. The best thing for today is that I played tennis with my bae without planning to. I just felt like playing tennis at the moment. We had a great time, and a great thing that happened during our exercise is that we found out how to turn on the light. Actually, Tina was the one who found out, so kudos to her. All in all, at least I got some work done today, played tennis, finished daily tasks as usual, and had great food. Keep it up!
