## Java Main Method
* A Java program is a sequence of Java instructions that are executed in a certain order
* To execute your Java program you need to signal to the Java Virtual Machine **where to start executing** the program
# Java class
* In Java, **all instructions (code) have to be located inside a Java class.**
* A class may contain both variables and methods
* A Java program needs to start its execution somewhere. **A Java program starts by executing the main method of some class.**
* You can choose the name of the class to execute, but not the name of the method. The method must always be called main
# Java package
* A Java package is simply a directory in your file system which can contain one or more Java files
* A package is a directory containing Java classes and interfaces.
# Java Main Class
* If only a single Java class in your Java program contains a main() method, then the class containing the main() method is often referred to as the main class.
* You can have as many classes as you want in your project with a main() method in. But, the Java Virtual Machine can only be instructed to run one of them at a time. 
# JVM
* Java virtual machine
# Java project
* build tool Maven
  * Java source code is stored in the **src/main/java directory** (under the root directory of your project)
# Compile
* **the compiler produces one .class file for each .java file**. The .class contains the compiled version of the .java file. The byte code for the .java file in other words.
* Change directory to your **project's root directory** (not the source directory)
* Make sure the project root directory contains **a source directory** and a class directory (optional)
* Type in the command below:
  * "c:\Program Files\Java\jdk1.8.0_25\bin\javac" src/myfirstapp/*.java -d classes
* the **javac** command
  * If the -d option is not specified, then javac puts each class file in the same directory as the source file from which it was generated.
# Running the Compiled Java Code
* command: java -cp out myfirstapp.MyJavaApp
# Classes + Objects
* Class
  * fields
    * private String NAME
  * constructors
    * a special kind of method
    * initialize the object's internal fields (if necessary)
  * methods
* Object
  * instances of classes
# Java Interfaces
* An interface describes what methods a certain object should have available on it
* A class can implement an interface
# Static
* In Java, if a field is declared static, then exactly a single copy of that field is created and shared among all instances of that class
# Final
* When a variable is declared with final keyword, its value can’t be modified, essentially, a constant. This also means that you must initialize a final variable.
